It is a school day
for Peppa and her friends.
Hello, children. Today,
you will be learning all about numbers.
Does anybody know what numbers are for?
Are numbers for counting?
Yes, Peppa! Who would
like to do some counting now?
Me! Me! Me! Me!
Ok. Pedro.
One, two, three, four!
Pedro has counted to four.
Well done, Pedro! Can
anyone count higher than four?
Me, Me, Me!
Rebecca.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
Rebecca has counted to seven.
Excellent! Rebecca!
Madame Gazelle?
Yes, Candy.
My mum can count to ten.Wow!
Yes? After seven, there is eight, nine, ten.
Eight, nine, ten.
Very good!
It is play time.
Rebecca rabbit, Zoe Zebra ,
Suzy sheep and Peppa all like to skip.
I like sand I like sea.
I like Suzy to skip with me.
I like ping. I like pang.
I like Zoe to skip along.
I know. Let’s see who can
skip the most without stopping.
Squeak. I’ll count.
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Zoe wins. Hurray!
Hurray.   Hurray.
Pedro, do you want to do some skipping?
No thanks, Peppa. I’m hula-hooping.
Wibble wobble,
wibble wobble, wiggle waggle wee!
Hula-hoop, hula-hoop, one, two, three!
How many can you do without stopping?
A million and three!
Wow! That’s a lot.
Let’s count them!
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
That was eight.
I’m a bit tired. I’ll do the rest later.
Can you do hula-hoops, Emily?
I can do in my own special way!
Emily Elephant is
hula-hooping with her trunk! Great!
I think that was about one hundred.
George wants to play leap-frog.
George likes playing leap-frog.
Leap-frog, everybody!
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
Play time is over.
Madame Gazelle!
We can all count to ten now.
Very good.
But we need to be playing to do it.
Of course. Richard, Edmond,
bring the extra long skipping rope.
Hello! I’ve come
to collect Peppa and George.
Daddy! You are too early! Oh!
Not to worry.
You can join in our game. Oh, ok.
Is everybody ready?Ready!
Counting to ten!
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
Oh, you look tired, daddy pig.
Oh, I’m fine. I could skip to a hundred.
Good idea, daddy pig. To a hundred!
Maybe to twenty. Ok! To twenty.
Eleven, twelve, thirteen ,fourteen, fifteen,
sixteen, seventeen,
eighteen, nineteen, twenty!